{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg936\cocoartf2761
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue-Bold;\f1\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 What is Isometric Keyboard?
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 In the development of music theory, a particular form of lattice, the hexagonal lattice, stood out as a convenient tool for studying harmonic relations and chord progressions. In such lattice, every lattice point is assigned a note, and if, in addition, the assignment fulfills the \'91isometric\'92 property, then the layout is called an isometric layout: all pairs of keys that is apart by a particular distance (and direction) apart shares a same ratio in the frequencies (i.e. same difference in semitones). As a consequence, chords of the same quality have their \'91chord shapes\'92 invariant under transposition, which provides a huge convenience when improvising or studying harmonic relations.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Keyboard
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 The keyboard supports multitouch and several functionality settings.\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Multi-press
\f1\b0 \
When enabled, touching the gap between keys presses all the neighboring keys, mimicking the behavior of a physical keyboard.\

\f0\b Dragging mode
\f1\b0 \
When enabled, dragging on the playable area plays all the notes passed through. When disabled, you can press and move your fingers and no other keys will be pressed or released.\
\

\f0\b Use lock button
\f1\b0 \
When enabled, a button is present at the bottom left corner. In the \'93locked\'94 state, playing is enabled and panning is disabled. Conversely, in the \'93unlocked\'94 state, drag horizontally to pan the keyboard and no key will be pressed.\
When the setting is disabled, touching the keys always trigger a key press, and panning is triggered only when dragging on the EMPTY regions of the keyboard.\

\f0\b Key label type
\f1\b0 \
Determines what kind of text is displayed on the keys. \'93Symbol\'94 displays common musical notation, \'93Numeral\'94 displays the semitone distance to the nearest C below the note, while \'93None\'94 displays no text on the keys.\

\f0\b Fullscreen keyboard padding
\f1\b0 \
Self-explanatory. On iPhones, a small or zero padding is suggested while on iPad an appropriate padding increases the horizontal range.\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 Control Panel
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 The control panel provides commonly used settings and adjustments. The handle in the bottom right corner hides/unhides the panel for a bigger playable area.\
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f0\b \cf0 Pitch Bend Slider
\f1\b0 \
Applies a pitch bend to all notes currently playing or will be played. The range is \'b12 semitones.\

\f0\b Velocity slider
\f1\b0 \
Specify the velocity of notes played next. Will not affect currently playing notes.\

\f0\b Soundfont Chooser
\f1\b0 \
The app relies on a soundfont file to produce sounds. The default built-in soundfont consists of only 3 variations of Yamaha grand piano, but you can choose your own file. Soundfonts can be downloaded from the internet such as from [link]. IMPORTANT: Make sure to place the file in the app\'92s document folder before opening it.\

\f0\b Preset Picker
\f1\b0 \
One soundfont typically has multiple \'91presets\'92 or \'91instruments\'92. This component enables you to pick and change preset on the fly. All notes playing at the time of preset change will be stopped.\

\f0\b Keymap Picker
\f1\b0 \
Pick from different ways of assigning notes to keys. There are only a small number of built-in mappings, but you can ask me to encode more or develop a file parser for Lumatone\'92s .ltn files\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab560\sa40\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs48 \cf0 About Me
\fs42 \
\pard\pardeftab560\slleading20\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs36 \cf0 I am a music and programming hobbyist.\
Contact me at brainbu2007@outlook.com\
}